Correct H1+ wording (#891)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-guidelines.md

## <article-H><multiple-blindfolded><multipleblindfoldedsolving> Article H: Multiple Blindfolded Solving

> - H1+) [ADDITION] If a duplicate puzzle is found during an attempt, the puzzle may be re-scrambled using a not used scramble for the attempt, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.

Reviewer: Hmm, I think "unused" is sufficiently clear and simpler, so I would prefer to keep that.
```suggestion
- H1+) [ADDITION] If a duplicate puzzle is found during an attempt, the puzzle may be re-scrambled using an unused scramble, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.
```

Reviewer 2: I agree, everything else LGTM

> - H1+) [ADDITION] If a duplicate puzzle is found during an attempt, the puzzle may be re-scrambled using a scramble not used for this attempt, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.

Author: ```suggestion
- H1+) [ADDITION] If a duplicate puzzle is found during an attempt, the puzzle may be re-scrambled using a not used scramble for the attempt, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.
```
